hello everyone it's casual gamer read
YouTube's most viewed and most
subscribed sports commentator I'm the
best at what I do now we have Kentucky
and Louisville this weekend the bird the
bird vs the Wildcat pretty much what i
call it now on paper of course
louisville should win this easily the
bird their favored to win and you know
looking at Louisville they have
aspirations they believe they can play a
lot of their fins believes they believe
if they can went out in a few teams lose
or a lot of teams lose whatever however
however they got it planned you know
there is a scenario where Louisville can
play for the national championship there
is one but their number one thing
they're going to have to do is they're
going to have to go undefeated they
don't if they lose one game their
national title shots are over there's
nobody in their conference any good no
team they play this year in that cows
kentucky kentucky we're a horrible team
we saw a lot of improvement against
miami ohio but let's be honest we're
still nowhere near where we should be we
will see how that goes on through the
year but right now after being one and
one we don't know what this team really
is we're going to find out a lot about
we're going to find a lot out this week
when we play the bird so we will see
what happens with that but the point of
this video is Kentucky has no pressure
on them this week we're not expected to
win this game we're not expected to be
in this game we're just expected to show
up even though we are at home we're
expected to show up and get beat but we
have no pressure on us this week unlock
Louisville that's the point of this
video Louisville they have to
win every game they have nobody on their
schedule any good so what we have to do
folks is try to upset Louisville now we
are at home that gives us I would say we
have possibly possibly a twenty percent
chance of winning this game let's not
let's don't let's be honest now
Louisville they're a good team they are
better than we are but on any given
Saturday we can win this game we have no
pressure on us we're not sitting here
we're not thinking when I said we're not
sitting here thinking about Oh work
Kentucky we got gold national
championship we don't have those
aspirations like a little does live on
their mind frame they somehow think we
can get to the national title which girl
went out and 20 other teams got to lose
then we can get in there that's what
they're thinking so they still even
though even though they even if they
went out there still not going to go to
the national championship because
they're not playing anybody but they
think if they went out they're going to
get recognized they just believe that
they're going to pick us over Oregon the
forgan undefeated no women yeah I'm
saying they got this stupid mindset so
what we have to do is we have to compete
against Louisville and just see what
happens just play hard play every down
and we will see what Louisville really
is now this is the best this is best
Louisville team probably they've ever
had in close to the thousand years this
is the best level team I've seen in over
a thousand years of watching college
football basketball probably 2,000 years
but this is the best Louisville team
I've seen but Kentucky does have
somewhat of it uh you know we have
somewhat of a hope we have some little
bit of hope I guess you could say we are
playing at home we have no pressure on
us so with all that being said I expect
Louisville to win this game but I will
not be surprised if they somehow get
upset
because we have nothing nothing to worry
about we're just trying to improve on
earth football week to week the next
four games we've got coming up all
against hump top teams in the country
it's going to be a nightmare for us but
if we could beat Louisville we look
pretty much diminished what little
chance they have in the first place of
going to the national championship we
will wipe that out and they will be even
though they may go undefeated the rest
of the year they have no shot of plan
for national championship so every game
pretty much is Louisville season because
one loss takes away what little chance
they would have anyway and with Kentucky
we don't have to worry about that
because we actually play in a good
conference if we ever do get good we
will automatically be able to play for a
great ballgame or national championship
before the playoff system by the time
that happens because we play in a great
conference we're not playing these
little weak-ass conferences like
Louisville does so that's my thoughts on
this folks I would get blow a 21-point
advantage this game I'm not going to sit
here and say take he's going to win
we're not favored to win but I'm not
going to be surprised if we do win so
we'll see what happens anyway what do
you think will happen we got a chance to
upset Louisville tap them before it's
not like a top hit top it's not like the
top 10 teams never got beat by somebody
unranked it happens so we will see what
happened the guys and as always like
subscribe and comment go big blue go big
blue
no pressure on us no nothing just
imagine every game you play life and
death you lose that game your season's
over that's what little but situation
they're in that's the curse of being
good and not playing anybody you got to
win every game and even if you win every
game more than likely you're still not
going to play for the national
championship because I will take a two
to three loss sec team over Louisville
the two loss team for sure i will take a
two-loss LSU team a two-loss George's
team against the undefeated Louisville
team yep Louisville is going to have to
beat us down if they don't beat us down
I mean they're going to be this like 40
points because if they win by like seven
or ten points or something like that
that's pretty much took them out the
national title also I mean you're not
going to say they barely beat Kentucky
they don't deserve being a national
title I mean that's what's going to come
to so louisville has to not just beat us
they have to destroy us more than it did
last you don't have to beat us worse
than that I'll see that happening